the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 
 . . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
the star who helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film ,  the sum of all fears .  
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 
as a singular character study , it's perfect . it's also the year's sweetest movie . 
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted  other .  
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago . 
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre . 
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism . 
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness . 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
it bites hard . 
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights . 
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
ecks this one off your must-see list . 
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age . 
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
amazingly lame . 
 . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
'this movie sucks . '
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
  the best disney movie since the lion king  
candid camera on methamphetamines . 
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible ! 
  frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch . 
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
 . . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological . 
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger . 
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 
too close to phantom menace for comfort . 
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness . 
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie . 
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself . 
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
elegant , mannered and teasing . 
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] . 
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 
incoherence reigns . 
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about . 
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society . 
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time . 
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed . 
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow . 
solaris  is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy . 
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer . 
transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
highly watchable stuff . 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss . 
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians . 
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams  bathroom break !  
 . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year . 
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams . 
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view . 
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not . 
well , it does go on forever . 
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability . 
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
formuliac , but fun . 
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act . 
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens . 
 . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core . 
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
did we really need a remake of  charade ?  
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt . 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction . 
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise ! 
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here . 
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film . 
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise . 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological . 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 
 . . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
ararat feels like a book report
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first . 
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
an enjoyable experience . 
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy . 
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence . 
george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind . 
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere . 
 . . . salaciously simplistic . 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 
a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance . 
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching . 
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid . 
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
enticing and often funny documentary . 
very predictable but still entertaining
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids . 
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
demands too much of most viewers . 
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured . 
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
a modest masterpiece . 
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses . 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed . 
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work . 
muddled , trashy and incompetent
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes  never again  worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion . 
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher . 
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects . 
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking . 
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life . 
essentially  fatal attraction  remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 
a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work . 
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse . 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale . 
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind . 
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing . 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department . 
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode . 
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with . 
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt . 
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one . 
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy . . . but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty . 
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions . 
i just loved every minute of this film . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
a glorious mess . 
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine . 
first and foremost . . . the reason to go see  blue crush  is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions . 
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death . 
[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects . 
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .  
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv . 
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way . 
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license . 
exciting and well-paced . 
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity . 
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 
who needs love like this ? 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding . 
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film . 
below is well below expectations . 
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there . 
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness . 
 . . . an interesting slice of history . 
this thing is just garbage . 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
what i saw , i enjoyed . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these . 
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad . 
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil . 
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment . 
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 
long time dead ? not nearly long enough . 
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue . 
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
  feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality . 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth . 
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
as teen movies go ,  orange county  is a refreshing change
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point . 
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining ! 
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
jackson is always watchable . 
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone . 
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere . 
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women . 
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine . 
it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first . 
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows . 
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade . 
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective . 
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention . 
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
one of the greatest films i've ever seen . 
death might be a release . 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats . 
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 
it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
the thrill is ( long ) gone . 
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
must be seen to be believed . 
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but  serving sara  hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining . 
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested . 
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay . 
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment . 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere . 
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn . 
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
the film oozes craft . 
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship . 
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself . 
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
there is truth here
a delightful coming-of-age story . 
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances . 
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . . 
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship . 
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . . 
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 
amazingly dopey . 
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent . 
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive . 
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety . 
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less . 
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine . 
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
boisterous and daft documentary . 
although very much like the first movie based on j . k . rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude . 
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek . 
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script . 
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion . 
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
a good piece of work more often than not . 
 . . . they missed the boat . 
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life . 
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is . 
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
when the first few villians are introduced as  spider  and  snake  you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him . 
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance . 
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's  waking up in reno .  go back to sleep . 
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity . 
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 
a loving little film of considerable appeal . 
the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
witless and utterly pointless . 
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries . 
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end . 
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become  the punk kids' revolution .  
 . . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter . 
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic . 
  brown sugar  admirably aspires to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .  
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick . 
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between . 
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama . 
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is . 
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors . 
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age . 
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one . 
 a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together . 
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 
bland but harmless . 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress . 
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure . 
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable . 
 . . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . . 
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project . 
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation . 
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up . 
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes . 
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag . 
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies ,  ballistic : ecks vs . sever  seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
dreary tale of middle-class angst
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting . 
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave . 
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess . 
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake . 
it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone . 
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at . 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot . 
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch . 
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences . 
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member . 
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get . 
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ? 
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
a model of what films like this should be like . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people . 
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context . 
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in . 
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 
if a few good men told us that we  can't handle the truth  than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we  don't care about the truth .  
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate . 
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
the performances are uniformly good . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
ultimately ,  mib ii  succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless . 
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers . 
a tender , heartfelt family drama . 
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
the gags are often a stitch . 
delightfully rendered
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here . 
cold , nervy and memorable . 
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work . 
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style . 
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water . 
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film . 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat . 
the venezuelans say things like  si , pretty much  and  por favor , go home  when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .  
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either . 
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet . 
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure . 
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically . 
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth . 
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula . 
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,  a walk to remember  succeeds through sincerity . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
every note rings false . 
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment . 
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
  i blame all men for war ,  [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told . 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
a wonderful character-based comedy . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage . 
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 
frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks . 
  catch me  feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] . 
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 
  abandon  will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish . 
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 
like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough . 
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled  glory : a soldier's story .  
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 
more of a career curio than a major work . 
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career . 
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir . 
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 
 . . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad . 
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it . 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding . 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing . 
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic . 
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable . 
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs . 
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
a sometimes tedious film . 
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay . 
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style . 
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities . 
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer . 
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
almost as offensive as  freddy got fingered .  
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . . 
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation . 
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday . 
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense . 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy . 
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before . 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind . 
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting . 
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
it all adds up to good fun . 
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though . 
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
  not really as bad as you might think !  
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 
this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters . 
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience . 
truly terrible . 
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be . 
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious . 
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 
a bit too eager to please . 
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror . 
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 
 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb . 
schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 
just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool . 
a melancholy , emotional film . 
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass . 
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand . 
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle . 
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost . 
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
  antwone fisher  is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 
an original little film about one young woman's education . 
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well . 
a well-crafted letdown . 
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame . 
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make . 
 . . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story . 
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn . 
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all . 
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic . 
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills . 
  home movie  is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama . 
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down . 
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
both damning and damned compelling . 
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor . 
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance . 
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted . 
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty . 
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict . 
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer . 
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material . 
the all-french cast is marveilleux . 
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
weird . rewarding . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan . 
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt . 
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . 
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience . 
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments . 
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures . 
banal and predictable . 
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
a tasty masala . 
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination . 
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition . 
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world . 
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth . 
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy . 
another best of the year selection . 
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity . 
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound . 
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 
it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal . 
  extreme ops  exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line . 
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film . 
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble . 
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor . 
  13 conversations  holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point . 
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
a captivating new film . 
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
 . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish . 
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it . 
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years . 
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie . 
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
everything is off . 
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film . 
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
 . . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . . 
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
  mostly martha  is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see . 
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke . 
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' . 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything . 
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda . 
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend . 
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
a timid , soggy near miss . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable . 
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball . 
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle . 
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents . 
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise . 
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) . 
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp . 
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue . 
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course . 
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
[a] satisfying niblet . 
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that . 
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
 . . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru . 
for dance completists only . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
an opportunity missed . 
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 
john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider . 
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors . 
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time . 
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned . 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
  on guard !  won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered . 
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation . 
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
a  home alone  film that is staged like  rosemary's baby ,  but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ? 
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever . 
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you . 
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins . 
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness . 
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications . 
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm . 
 . . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges . 
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back . 
the film can depress you about life itself . 
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
a moving , if uneven , success . 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
as pedestrian as they come . 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that . 
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill . 
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie . 
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius . 
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why . 
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you . 
extremely bad . 
terrible . 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree . 
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle . 
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case . 
remember the kind of movie we were hoping  ecks vs . sever  or  xxx  was going to be ? this is it . 
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 
light , cute and forgettable . 
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on . 
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit . 
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle . 
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans . 
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie . 
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration . 
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) . 
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer . 
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 
a pleasant romantic comedy . 
it tells more than it shows . 
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish . 
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious . 
a little better than sorcerer's stone . 
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view . 
the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
a mess , but it's a sincere mess . 
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
manages to delight without much of a story . 
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment . 
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there . 
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 
the result is something quite fresh and delightful . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with  xxx  is that its own action isn't very effective . 
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism . 
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .  
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution . 
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be . 
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 
these characters become wearisome . 
one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 . 
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
insufferably naive . 
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation . 
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 
a fun ride . 
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 
stay away . far away . 
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters . 
a creaky staircase gothic . 
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough . 
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood . 
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
it's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough . 
delirious fun . 
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . 
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public . 
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it . 
 . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags . 
too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back . 
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are . 
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished . 
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 
a dreary indulgence . 
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow . 
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive . 
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory . 
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
warmed-over hash . 
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering . 
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch . 
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick ,  orange county  is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero . 
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 
  13 conversations about one thing  is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it . 
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy . 
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
catch it . . . if you can ! 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury . 
the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen . 
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit . 
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs . 
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
the pianist is polanski's best film . 
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one . 
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating . 
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name . 
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make . 
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit . 
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson . 
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch . 
the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality . 
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
i wish i could say  thank god it's friday  , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career . 
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
watching  ending  is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
 . . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations . 
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
 . . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive . 
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances . 
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
debut effort by  project greenlight  winner is sappy and amateurish . 
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed . 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 
kinnear gives a tremendous performance . 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting . 
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 
an absurdist spider web . 
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy . 
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy . 
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 
watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting . 
  an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters .  
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care . 
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right . 
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together . 
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure . 
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say ,  look at this ! this is an interesting movie !  but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
a  black austin powers ?  i prefer to think of it as  pootie tang with a budget .  sa da tay ! 
basically , it's pretty but dumb . 
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges . 
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull . 
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure . 
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create . 
it's exactly what you'd expect . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
very well-written and very well-acted . 
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 
both awful and appealing . 
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen . 
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer . 
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff . 
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming . 
it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
great story , bad idea for a movie . 
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen . 
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion . 
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated . 
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
worthy of the gong . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
eerily accurate depiction of depression . 
 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
  birthday girl  is an actor's movie first and foremost . 
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes . 
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ? 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home . 
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 
post 9/11 the philosophical message of  personal freedom first  might not be as palatable as intended . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it . 
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition . 
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films . 
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through . 
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart . 
wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin . 
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love . 
almost peerlessly unsettling . 
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli . 
crikey indeed . 
polished , well-structured film . 
gloriously straight from the vagina . 
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy . 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release . 
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
star wars is back in a major way . 
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film . 
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity . 
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ;  frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights . 
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles . 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
 . . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 
rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring . 
a real snooze . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 
 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling . 
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later . 
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness . 
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands . 
 . . . a bland , pretentious mess . 
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe . 
if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off . 
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear . 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood . 
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 
you'll end up moved . 
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love . 
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat . 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters . 
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire . 
pompous and garbled . 
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting . 
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality . 
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done . 
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way . 
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air . 
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan . 
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness . 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations . 
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve . 
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
poignant and funny . 
darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
  simone  is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale . 
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force . 
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
an awful snooze . 
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama . 
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite . 
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller . 
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness . 
it's not original enough . 
i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do . 
one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it . 
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
puportedly  based on true events ,  a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face . 
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
both deeply weird and charmingly dear . 
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
a thought-provoking picture . 
 . . . really horrible drek . 
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together . 
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries . 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
a vivid cinematic portrait . 
a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore . 
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days . 
falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more . 
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 
a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans . 
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi . 
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
a dreary movie . 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension . 
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world . 
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better . 
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee . 
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides . 
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive . 
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding . 
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books . 
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure . 
the performances are remarkable . 
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
warm and exotic . 
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
escapism in its purest form . 
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 
a very capable nailbiter . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe . 
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 
exhilarating , funny and fun . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily --  cherish  certainly isn't dull . 
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror . 
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
i couldn't recommend this film more . 
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties . 
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * . 
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved . 
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez . 
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite . 
 . . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration . 
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with . 
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication . 
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version . 
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it . 
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the  a  range , as is , it's a very very strong  b+ .  i love the robust middle of this picture . 
 . . . although this idea is  new  the results are tired . 
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one . 
an asian neo-realist treasure . 
nice piece of work . 
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises . 
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the  big twists  are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong . 
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds . 
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
too simple for its own good . 
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point . 
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
uplifting , funny and wise . 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness . 
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice . 
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
  punch-drunk love  is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
i simply can't recommend it enough . 
a gentle and engrossing character study . 
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 
it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film . 
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . 
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic . 
more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris . 
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
adaptation is simply brilliant . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial . 
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . . 
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
a funny film . 
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours . 
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save . 
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
 . . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers . 
[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul . 
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
 ( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece . 
bring on the sequel . 
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
 . . . very funny , very enjoyable . . . 
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks . 
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 
 . . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this  un-bear-able  project ! 
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live . 
the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength . 
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine . 
light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year . 
what's missing is what we call the 'wow' factor . 
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us . 
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . 
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
as vulgar as it is banal . 
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
 ( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of  the lord of the rings  trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth . 
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . . 
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
the movie gets muted and routine . 
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that . 
while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while . 
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth . 
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them . 
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
a moving and important film . 
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed . 
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it . 
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose . 
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
good ol' urban legend stuff . 
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due . 
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff . 
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness . 
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
enduring love but exhausting cinema . 
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity . 
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout . 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any  jackass  fan could want . 
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor . 
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson . 
this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else . 
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
life is a crock -- or something like it . 
it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
an intoxicating experience . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture . 
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism . 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives . 
tends to plod . 
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it . 
doesn't really add up to much . 
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before . 
sluggish , tonally uneven . 
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags . 
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions . 
hard to resist . 
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 
frenetic but not really funny . 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that . 
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit . 
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad . 
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 
this is a superior horror flick . 
don't let your festive spirit go this far . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
this is a very fine movie -- go see it . 
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time . 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone . 
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept . 
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images . 
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos . 
it may not be  last tango in paris  but . . . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust . 
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
maryam is more timely now than ever . 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy . 
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . . 
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller  new best friend  , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
an awkward and indigestible movie . 
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case . 
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude . 
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
just a bloody mess . 
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny . 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings . 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
 . . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games . 
yet another weepy southern bore-athon . 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film . 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
eh . 
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title . 
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever . 
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 
it is a likable story , told with competence . 
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . 
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
too silly to take seriously . 
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks . 
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .  interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins . 
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works . 
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden . 
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
  home movie  is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book . 
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats . 
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle . 
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 
illuminating if overly talky documentary . 
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
  the ring  is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws . 
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
sleek and arty . 
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive . 
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con . 
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series . 
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them . 
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in . 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive  missing thing .  
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling . 
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
 . . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . . 
a movie to forget
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama ,  real women have curves  is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
never [sinks] into exploitation . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
holden caulfield did it better . 
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone . 
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
sly , sophisticated and surprising . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
morton is , as usual , brilliant . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . 
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession . 
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly . 
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions . 
it's an awfully derivative story . 
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation . 
intelligent and moving . 
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux . 
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
  the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store  
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of  the isle  you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else . 
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book . 
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world . 
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
been there done that . 
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot . 
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 
  juwanna mann ?  no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage  be careful what you wish for  is given a full workout . 
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness . 
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh . 
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things . 
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
serious and thoughtful . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there . 
godawful boring slug of a movie . 
[macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing . 
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom . 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle . 
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie . 
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass . 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained . 
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 
witless but watchable . 
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore . 
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid  . 
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
strange it is , but delightfully so . 
morvern rocks . 
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 
a riveting story well told . 
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way . 
one of the best movies of the year . 
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface . 
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot . 
spare but quietly effective retelling . 
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition . 
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones . 
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler . 
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother . 
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
 . . . a solid , unassuming drama . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution . 
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them . 
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear . 
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
draggin' about dragons
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way . 
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow . 
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama . 
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage . 
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures . 
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 
bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
cusack's just brilliant in this . 
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece . 
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones . 
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make   the good girl  a film worth watching . 
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers . 
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . 
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the  real  portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done . 
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
maybe leblanc thought ,  hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse .  
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you . 
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure . 
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences . 
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again . 
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 
a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence . 
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
[u]nrelentingly stupid . 
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten . 
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis . 
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning . 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock . 
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 
a smart , compelling drama . 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love . 
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary . 
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence . 
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level . 
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out . 
a tone poem of transgression . 
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted . 
 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
 . . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps . 
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
degenerates into hogwash . 
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them . 
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others . 
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through . 
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
 . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
 . . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best . 
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study . 
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
 . . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast . 
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 
an  o bruin , where art thou ?  -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying . 
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon . 
 . . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 
worth a look as a curiosity . 
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters . 
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest . 
finally , the french-produced  read my lips  is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances . 
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . 
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly . 
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania . 
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career . 
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
 i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint . 
 . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
 . . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its  men in a sardine can  warped logic . 
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image . 
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't . 
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 
if a horror movie's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well . . . a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 
'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes . 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 
with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed . 
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back . 
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness . 
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of  7th heaven .  
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . . 
hey , who else needs a shower ? 
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . . 
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess . 
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures . 
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz . 
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler . 
[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism . 
an original gem about an obsession with time . 
reassuring , retro uplifter . 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail . 
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie . 
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . . 
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession . 
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement . 
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
a relative letdown . 
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past . 
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 . 
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 
even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . 
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it . 
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 
though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise . 
a work of astonishing delicacy and force . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description  unelected  have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide . 
just not campy enough
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten . 
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 
[russell] makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 
a half-assed film . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence . 
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year . 
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static . 
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
 ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's . 
the comedy is nonexistent . 
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens . 
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 
the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer . 
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel . 
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons . 
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience . 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
a working class  us vs . them  opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered . 
  roger michell (  notting hill  ) directs a morality thriller .  
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny . 
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot . 
everyone's to blame here . 
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s . 
watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
poignant and delicately complex . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ? 
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 
merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story . 
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps . 
a big fat pain . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future . 
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash . 
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
just what makes us happy , anyway ? 
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
 . . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
i admired this work a lot . 
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
a film of quiet power . 
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 
one from the heart . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat . 
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture . 
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution . 
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food . 
to call the other side of heaven  appalling  would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script . 
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it . 
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better . 
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation . 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived . 
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off . 
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy . 
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
odd and weird . 
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable . 
it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all . 
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances . 
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty . 
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 
 . . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity . 
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously . 
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
  me without you  is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades . 
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed . 
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance . 
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out . 
elvira fans could hardly ask for more . 
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with . 
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
i'm just too bored to care . 
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max . 
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 
katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 
 . . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 
it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering . 
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story . 
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . . 
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients . 
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix . 
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning . 
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done . 
  cremaster 3  should come with the warning  for serious film buffs only !  
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it . 
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling . 
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking . 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus . 
murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
intimate and panoramic . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most . 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
abderrahmane sissako's heremakono ( waiting for happiness ) is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences . 
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 
red dragon  never cuts corners . 
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead . 
it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 
a pretentious mess . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to . 
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail . 
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the  soon-to-be-forgettable  section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
 . . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue . 
 . . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie . 
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending . 
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes . 
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer . 
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
nothing about it fits . 
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny . 
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 
[a] mess . 
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight . 
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital . 
make like the title and dodge this one . 
a tour de force of modern cinema . 
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
norton is magnetic as graham . 
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off . 
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it's to this film's ( and its makers' ) credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
show me the mugging . 
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to . 
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure . 
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
it's never dull and always looks good . 
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer . 
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 
ranks among willams' best screen work . 
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia . 
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain . 
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
well-meaning but inert . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour's worth of actual material . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
highly engaging . 
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on . 
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto . 
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue . 
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious . 
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight . 
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever . 
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films . 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
smothered by its own solemnity . 
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement . 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together . 
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision . 
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness . 
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie . 
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 
despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone . 
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better . 
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental . 
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
a marvel like none you've seen . 
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza . 
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again . 
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces . 
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . . 
jacquot's tosca is a treat . 
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake . 
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas . 
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie . 
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull . 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of  his girl friday ,  maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie . 
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers . 
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution . 
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise . 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny . 
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness . 
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage's war-weary marine . 
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story . 
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements . 
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world . 
 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
cinematic poo . 
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material . 
[  safe conduct  ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance ! 
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe . 
 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant . 
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 
[a] strong piece of work . 
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
meandering and confusing . 
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
the tenderness of the piece is still intact . 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together . 
bad and baffling from the get-go . 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap . 
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect . 
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast . 
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience . 
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed . 
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
tailored to entertain ! 
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
 . . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant . 
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work . 
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that . 
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 
worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off . 
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad . 
an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title . 
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary . 
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it . 
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9  black and white portable tv . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised . 
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
wobbly senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers . 
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar . 
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since  saving private ryan  have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago . 
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth . 
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 
they should have called it gutterball . 
a small movie with a big impact . 
thoroughly awful . 
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker . 
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street . 
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 . 
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people . 
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling . 
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here . 
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over . 
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land . 
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies . 
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work . 
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy . 
  frailty  has been written so well , that even a simple  goddammit !  near the end takes on a whole other meaning . 
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun . 
[l]ame and unnecessary . 
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless . 
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 
a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move . 
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . 
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen . 
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand . 
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
the reason to see  sade  lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) . 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
topkapi this is not . 
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women . 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality . 
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic . 
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul . 
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 
to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
from the opening strains of the average white band's  pick up the pieces  , you can feel the love . 
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
the movie is well done , but slow . 
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' . 
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making . 
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son . 
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes . 
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat . 
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action . 
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values . 
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
really quite funny . 
a weird and wonderful comedy . 
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places . 
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience . 
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 
this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary ! 
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true  us  versus  them  . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
 . . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes . 
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride . 
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it . 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter . 
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 . 
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited . 
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
laughably , irredeemably awful . 
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 
duvall is strong as always . 
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 
an impressive hybrid . 
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale . 
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition . 
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling . 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud . 
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs . 
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel . 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems . 
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man . 
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill . 
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters . 
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires . 
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
if  lilo & stitch  isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved . 
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes . 
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up . 
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort . 
it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell . 
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion . 
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than  confessions of a dangerous mind .  
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time . 
it's quite diverting nonsense . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant . 
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience . 
it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness . 
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end . 
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future . 
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed . 
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life . 
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade . 
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
technically and artistically inept . 
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series . 
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor . 
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is . 
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
the only thing to fear about  fear dot com  is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck . 
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental . 
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet . 
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome . 
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival . 
 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a  what was it all for ?  feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger . 
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences . 
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable . 
[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting . 
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles . 
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film . 
more maudlin than sharp . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss . 
mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 
 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects . 
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . . 
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .  
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
we've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there's an enthusiastic charm in <i ? fire that makes the formula fresh again . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand . 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it . 
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture ! 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
ferrara's best film in years . 
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other . 
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history . 
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor . 
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare . 
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
neatly constructed thriller . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts . 
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them .  ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster . 
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor . 
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat . 
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold . 
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality . 
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story . 
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more . 
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie . 
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else ,  rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste . 
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi . 
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 
moving and vibrant . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao . 
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories . 
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie . 
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on  the mothman prophecies  . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film . 
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience . 
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 
what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
press the delete key . 
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing . 
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way . 
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget . 
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
  it's all about the image .  
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow . 
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less . 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro . 
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
spare yet audacious . . . 
a slight but sweet film . 
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 
it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 
a charming but slight comedy . 
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal . 
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway . 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria . 
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race . 
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 
 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken . 
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool . 
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation . 
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction . 
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 
the story has little wit and no surprises . 
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours . 
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used . 
oddly compelling . 
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences . 
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ? 
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight . 
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire . 
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire . 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn . 
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable . 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . 
the only thing  swept away  is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 
a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 
beautifully produced . 
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 
let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home . 
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . . 
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway . 
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score . 
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating . 
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another . 
good , solid storytelling . 
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor . 
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady . 
 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied . 
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness . 
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection . 
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash . 
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
demme's loose approach kills the suspense . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work . 
effective but too-tepid biopic
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling . 
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ? 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time . 
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana . 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel . 
more trifle than triumph . 
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy . 
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
smart and taut . 
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going . 
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place . 
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again . 
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset . 
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right . 
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs . 
what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing . 
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time . 
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
the long-range appeal of  minority report  should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages . 
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 
walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone ,  and consider a dvd rental instead . 
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them . 
the film has several strong performances . 
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good . 
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 . 
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable . 
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick . 
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile . 
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 
with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ? 
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease . 
 . . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining . 
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next . 
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
  the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . .  
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 
this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense . 
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust . 
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
 . . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 
the film is one of the year's best . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
sparse but oddly compelling . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization . 
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through . 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride . 
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli . 
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power . 
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things . 
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 
while not quite  shrek  or monsters , inc .  , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives . 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
 . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
low rent from frame one . 
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
an often unfunny romp . 
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 
collapses under its own meager weight . 
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance . 
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker . 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle . 
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . . 
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 
there's a lot to recommend read my lips . 
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
  the dangerous lives of altar boys  has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next . 
even if you can't pronounce  gyro  correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries . 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
the worst film of the year . 
a noble failure . 
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . . 
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power . 
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge . 
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
a very average science fiction film . 
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children . 
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics . 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
drowning's too good for this sucker . 
the stories here suffer from the chosen format . 
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
made by jackasses for jackasses . 
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon . 
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears . 
 . . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno . 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror . 
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic . 
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars . 
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners . 
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material . 
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations . 
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach . 
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess . 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much . 
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face . 
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture . 
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ? 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless . 
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness . 
a taut , sobering film . 
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 